Update faq.md with device impact (#181)
embrace-io/embrace-docs: docs/android/faq.md

We have benchmarked the Embrace SDK's performance during app launch between 10 and 50 milliseconds. In practice, this is between 1-3% of typical app launch time.

### **What is the impact of adding Embrace Android SDK regarding app performance, device battery/data usage/disk space?**

TL;DR _The impact depends on how you use the API._

> The incremental battery usage is negligible because we are mostly dormant unless telemetry is being recorded, in which case the CPU should already be active. We do have a thread that monitors the main thread for ANRs if that feature is enabled when the app is in the foreground, but that only pings the thread every 100ms

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The incremental battery usage is negligible because we are mostly dormant unless telemetry is being recorded, in which case the CPU should already be active. We do have a thread that monitors the main thread for ANRs if that feature is enabled when the app is in the foreground, but that only pings the thread every 100ms.
```

For disk usage, we only hit the disk every 2 seconds when the app is in the foreground, regardless of how much telemetry is recorded—everything is buffered in memory and flushed to disk at that interval. In the background, we only do so if new telemetry has been added since the last check, so it's pretty lightweight if you're not recording data.

> For disk space, we buffer on disk session data that hasn't been sent, and once it's successfully sent, it's deleted. The data is compressed, too, so unless the device has a lot of unsent requests because of the lack of network connection, the disk size wouldn't be more than a couple of megabytes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For disk space, we buffer on disk session data that hasn't been sent, and once it's successfully sent, it's deleted. The data is compressed too, so unless the device has a lot of unsent requests due to a lack of network connection, the disk usage should not exceed a few megabytes.
```
